What's new in DevTools (115) (#6469)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/new-in-devtools-115/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
title: "What's New in DevTools (Chrome 115)"
authors:
  - sofiayem
date: 2023-05-30
description: ""
hero: 'image/NJdAV9UgKuN8AhoaPBquL7giZQo1/s7ZpM4wjhbRf5K6Vspk3.jpg'
alt: ''
tags:
  - new-in-devtools
  - devtools
  - chrome-115
---
<!--image/dPDCek3EhZgLQPGtEG3y0fTn4v82/gctGASDKBFTUtOQqVq2H.png  -->

{% Partial 'devtools/banner.md' %}

*There is no 'What's new in DevTools' video for this release, but you can watch this quick recap of the recent features.*

{% YouTube id='CrSmjooOEiE' %}

<!-- $contentStart -->

## Elements improvements {: #elements }

### New CSS subgrid badge {: #subgrid }

> The **Elements** panel gets a new `subgrid` badge for [nested grids](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout/Subgrid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Elements** panel gets a new `subgrid` badge for [subgrid](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout/Subgrid). This feature is currently experimental in Chrome Canary.
```

> To inspect and debug a nested grid, click the badge. It toggles an overlay that shows columns, rows, and their numbers on top of the element in the viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inspect and debug a nested grid that is a subgrid, and therefore inheriting the number and size of tracks from its parent, click the badge. It toggles an overlay that shows columns, rows, and their numbers on top of the element in the viewport.
```
